readme.md, before:

﻿---
title: Harmony 3 Graphics SAM 9x60 Applications Package
nav_order: 1
---

# ![MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite](./docs/images/mhgs.png) MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics Application Examples for SAM 9x60 Family

MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite  is an extension of the MPLAB® ecosystem for creating
embedded graphics firmware solutions for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microcontroller
and microprocessor devices.  Refer to the following links for more information.
 - [Microchip 32-bit MCUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit)
 - [Microchip 32-bit MPUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit-mpus)
 - [Microchip MPLAB X IDE](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-harmony)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony Pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/)

This repository contains the MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics application examples for SAM 9x60 Family. Graphics applications are standalone applications which demonstrate of some of the capabilities of MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite.  Refer to the following links for release notes, home page, training materials, framework and application help.
For more information on the tools, libraries and basic development with the MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite, please see the gfx repo also on github.
 - [Release Notes](./release_notes.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony License](./mplab_harmony_license.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Wiki](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/wiki)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9B4edd-p2ag5xsIIHhja-caKYY7AKPxe)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Suite Documentation](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/gfx/documentation.html)

# Contents Summary

| Folder     | Description                                  |
|------------|----------------------------------------------|
| apps       | Example Graphics applications |
| docs       | Contains files supporting documentation |


Documentation is available for offline viewing.  It can be used only after cloning this repository onto a local machine. For online viewing, please use [github pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da) of this repository.

## Graphics application examples

The following applications are provided to demonstrate a subset of the capabilities of Harmony Graphics Suite.

| Category | Item | Description | Release Type |
| --- | --- | ---- |---- |
|  apps | [legato_quickstart](./apps/legato_quickstart/readme.md) | Legato Graphics Library Quickstart Examples | ![app-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/application-beta-orange?style=plastic) |
|     | [legato_benchmark](./apps/legato_benchmark/readme.md) | Legato Graphics Library Performance Benchmarking Example | ![app-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/application-beta-orange?style=plastic) |


____

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Harmony%20license-orange.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/blob/master/mplab_harmony_license.md)
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/releases/latest)
[![Latest release date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/releases/latest)
[![Commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)]()

____

[![Follow us on Youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-Follow%20us%20on%20Youtube-red.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/user/MicrochipTechnology)
[![Follow us on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Follow%20us%20on%20LinkedIn-blue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/microchip-technology)
[![Follow us on Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-Follow%20us%20on%20Facebook-blue.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/microchiptechnology/)
[![Follow us on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MicrochipTech.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/MicrochipTech)

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg?style=social)]()
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg?style=social)]()

Commit message:

MH3-46585 Regeneration, Documentation, Release Notes updates for v3.9.0 MH3-45826 Legato Dashboard for SAM 9x60 EK

readme.md, after:

﻿---
title: Harmony 3 Graphics SAM 9x60 Applications Package
nav_order: 1
---

# ![MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite](./docs/images/mhgs.png) MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics Application Examples for SAM 9x60 Family

MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite  is an extension of the MPLAB® ecosystem for creating
embedded graphics firmware solutions for Microchip 32-bit SAM and PIC microcontroller
and microprocessor devices.  Refer to the following links for more information.
 - [Microchip 32-bit MCUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit)
 - [Microchip 32-bit MPUs](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/32-bit-mpus)
 - [Microchip MPLAB X IDE](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-harmony)
 - [Microchip MPLAB Harmony Pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/)

This repository contains the MPLAB® Harmony 3 Graphics application examples for SAM 9x60 Family. Graphics applications are standalone applications which demonstrate of some of the capabilities of MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite.  Refer to the following links for release notes, home page, training materials, framework and application help.
For more information on the tools, libraries and basic development with the MPLAB® Harmony Graphics Suite, please see the gfx repo also on github.
 - [Release Notes](./release_notes.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony License](./mplab_harmony_license.md)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Wiki](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx/wiki)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9B4edd-p2ag5xsIIHhja-caKYY7AKPxe)
 - [MPLAB Harmony 3 Graphics Suite Documentation](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/gfx/documentation.html)

# Contents Summary

| Folder     | Description                                  |
|------------|----------------------------------------------|
| apps       | Example Graphics applications |
| docs       | Contains files supporting documentation |


Documentation is available for offline viewing.  It can be used only after cloning this repository onto a local machine. For online viewing, please use [github pages](https://microchip-mplab-harmony.github.io/gfx_apps_sam9x60) of this repository.

## Graphics application examples

The following applications are provided to demonstrate a subset of the capabilities of Harmony Graphics Suite.

| Category | Item | Description | Release Type |
| --- | --- | ---- |---- |
|  apps | [legato_quickstart](./apps/legato_quickstart/readme.md) | Legato Graphics Library Quickstart Examples | ![app-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/application-beta-orange?style=plastic) |
|     | [legato_benchmark](./apps/legato_benchmark/readme.md) | Legato Graphics Library Performance Benchmarking Example | ![app-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/application-beta-orange?style=plastic) |
|     | [legato_dashboard](./apps/legato_dashboard/readme.md) | Legato Graphics Library and Canvas Example | ![app-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/application-beta-orange?style=plastic) |

____

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Harmony%20license-orange.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/blob/master/mplab_harmony_license.md)
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/releases/latest)
[![Latest release date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/releases/latest)
[![Commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx_apps_pic32mz_da/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg)]()

____

[![Follow us on Youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-Follow%20us%20on%20Youtube-red.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/user/MicrochipTechnology)
[![Follow us on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Follow%20us%20on%20LinkedIn-blue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/microchip-technology)
[![Follow us on Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-Follow%20us%20on%20Facebook-blue.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/microchiptechnology/)
[![Follow us on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MicrochipTech.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/MicrochipTech)

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg?style=social)]()
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/gfx.svg?style=social)]()
