apps/legato_quickstart/firmware/legato_qs_9x60_ek_tm5000.X/readme.md, before:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato\_quickstart\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_sam9x60_single_buffer_arch.png)

This application demonstrates multi-layer, WVGA graphics using SDRAM memory.

User touch input on the display panel is received thru the PCAP capacitive touch controller, which sends a notification to the Touch Input Driver. The Touch Input Driver reads the touch information over I2C and sends the touch event to the Graphics Library thru the Input System Service.

### Demonstration Features

-   Legato Graphics Library
-   Reference application for the SAM 9x60
-   24-bit color, multi-layer, WVGA (800x480) screen design
-   Time system service, timer-counter peripheral library and driver 
-   Graphics Acceleration using integrated display controller (LCDC)
-   I2C and touch controller driver 

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_sam9x60_lcdc_no_gpu_wvga_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Adding the **SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit BSP** and **Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM5000 Display** Graphics Template component into the project graph will automatically add the components needed for a graphics project and resolve their dependencies. It will also configure the pins needed to drive the external peripherals like the display and the touch controller.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato\_quickstart. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato\_quickstart/firmware/legato\_qs\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X project file.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato\_qs\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X|SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM5000 Display|SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit with RGBA8888 GFX Interface and 5" WVGA PCAP Touch display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

The final setup should be:

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the ribbon cable from the display to the J16 connector on the back of the SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit board.

![](../../../../docs/html/sam_9x60_sk_display_conf1.png)

-   Power up the board by connecting the power adapter to power connector or a powered USB cable to the USB port on the SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit board.


Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

When power-on is successful, the demonstration will display a similar menu to that shown in the following figure (different configurations may have slight variation in the screen aspect ratio):

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_quickstart_wqvga_run.png)

* * * * *

Commit message:

MH3-51462: GFX Apps SAM 9x60 v3.9.2
commit db132f177811f91e04c2a8e189b135b9b259e08e
Date:   Wed Mar 17 12:15:36 2021 -0700

    Update links for readme.md

commit 42a5b427d0ce2517429218c1daf451cdd40b2dd1
Date:   Thu Mar 11 18:38:58 2021 -0800

    Corrected readme

commit c991369c8b0f136d9c6d9c9f83297aa06802e00f
Date:   Thu Mar 11 15:30:20 2021 -0800

    Corrections to readme for projects

commit 2597f7f6dd97386a141d59f18ad34d585ccb4fc2
Date:   Thu Mar 11 13:37:47 2021 -0800

    Updated readme for dashboard and benchmark applications with more details

commit d33a06181246416e58b219a013403ea4ba6426dc
Date:   Wed Mar 10 11:15:21 2021 -0800

    Corrected typos in readme file

commit f7feaffe41f78c060ee126c14db2ad0aac5dc3ce
Date:   Tue Mar 9 16:47:56 2021 -0800

    Updated readme for quickstart applications with more details

commit 5c45a3c4d78041ac63f26a3ce3f2555d0f90f2de
Date:   Tue Mar 9 15:49:59 2021 -0800

    Replaced outdated picture for hardware connection and replaced with current one

commit 6ec58eefa5757a77cb8877300a0a581101a25fdf
Date:   Tue Mar 9 15:35:37 2021 -0800

    Regenerate SAM9X60-EK Aps for v3.9.2

commit a209fde08e130f266e651e5b1703cc61aeb2d453
Date:   Tue Mar 2 15:42:39 2021 -0700

    MH3-51462: Update release notes and readmes for v3.9.2 release
    MH3-47307: Legato Quickstart WVGA 270 application documentation

commit 4c96b76ead462b0eb3d5a331ce1bc70590aa80ff
Date:   Tue Jan 19 09:56:29 2021 -0700

    MH3-47307: Legato Quickstart Adapted for 270 Orientation

apps/legato_quickstart/firmware/legato_qs_9x60_ek_tm5000.X/readme.md, after:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato\_quickstart\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_sam9x60_single_buffer_arch.png)

This application demonstrates multi-layer, WVGA graphics using SDRAM memory.

User touch input on the display panel is received thru the PCAP capacitive touch controller, which sends a notification to the Touch Input Driver. The Touch Input Driver reads the touch information over I2C and sends the touch event to the Graphics Library thru the Input System Service.

### Demonstration Features

-   Legato Graphics Library
-   Reference application for the SAM 9x60
-   24-bit color, multi-layer, WVGA (800x480) screen design
-   Time system service, timer-counter peripheral library and driver 
-   Graphics Acceleration using integrated display controller (LCDC)
-   GFX2D GPU Driver Support
-   I2C and touch controller driver 

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_sam9x60_lcdc_gpu_wvga_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Adding the **SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit BSP** and **Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM5000 Display** Graphics Template component into the project graph will automatically add the components needed for a graphics project and resolve their dependencies. It will also configure the pins needed to drive the external peripherals like the display and the touch controller.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato\_quickstart. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato\_quickstart/firmware/legato\_qs\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X project file and press F11.
A successful build will generate a harmony.bin file in dist\lcdc_rgba8888_mxt_9x60_wvga\production in the project folder.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato\_qs\_9x60\_ek\_tm5000.X|SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM5000 Display|SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit with RGBA8888 GFX Interface and 5" WVGA PCAP Touch display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the ribbon cable from the display to the J15 connector on the back of the SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit board.

![](../../../../docs/html/sam_9x60_sk_display_conf1.png)

-	Take an SD Card formatted with FAT32 file system, and copy the boot.bin binary file from this [location](../../../boot_image/boot.bin). Also copy the harmony.bin file you generated from the "Building the Application" section.

-   Insert the SD card to J4 of the SAM 9X60 Evaluation kit and power up the board by connecting the power adapter to power connector or a powered USB cable to the USB port on the SAM 9x60 Evaluation Kit board.


Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

When power-on is successful, the demonstration will display a similar menu to that shown in the following figure (different configurations may have slight variation in the screen aspect ratio):

![](../../../../docs/html/legato_quickstart_wqvga_run.png)

* * * * *
