apps/readme.md, before:

---
title: Example Applications
has_children: true
has_toc: false
nav_order: 2

family: SAM9X60
market:
  - graphics
---

# Example Applications

The following applications are provided to demonstrate both basic and advanced Graphics capabilities of the SAM 9x60 Family.

## Legato Library Examples 

* [Legato Quickstart](./legato_quickstart/readme.md)

This demonstration provides a touch-enabled starting point for the legato graphics library.

![](./../docs/html/legato_quickstart.png)


* [Legato Dashboard](./legato_dashboard/readme.md)

This application presents a vehicle dashboard User Interface (UI). 

![](./../docs/html/legato_dashboard.png)


* [Legato Canvas Quickstart](./legato_canvas_quickstart/readme.md)

This application shows how to use Canvas with legato graphics library. 

![](./../docs/html/legato_canvas_quickstart.png)


* [Legato Benchmark](./legato_benchmark/readme.md)

This demonstration is used to benchmark the draw performance of the Legato Graphics Library on the device.

![](./../docs/html/legato_benchmark.png)


## Blank Library Examples

* [Blank Quickstart](./blank_quickstart/readme.md)

This application demonstrates a simple way to create a graphics application using a custom graphics library that directly uses the LCD controller driver.

![](./../docs/html/blank_quickstart.png)


* [Blank Quickstart with Double Buffering](./blank_quickstart_db/readme.md)

This application demonstrates a simple way to create a graphics application using a custom graphics library that directly uses the LCD controller driver. Usage of double frame buffer is demonstrated.

![](./../docs/html/blank_quickstart_db.png)


* [Blank Canvas Quickstart](./blank_canvas_quickstart/readme.md)

This simple application demonstrates how to use Canvas library to display a pixel buffer with a custom graphics library using the LCD controller driver.

![](./../docs/html/blank_canvas_qs.png)

Commit message:

GFX Apps SAM 9x60 v3.10.0
commit e2eb523a5102bb8a28c63b1d1329b647fed597a4
Date:   Fri Mar 18 15:55:22 2022 -0700

    Updated json files, package.xml and release notes

commit 407477755d5706606060de1fd4e1d8bf94e3b448
Date:   Fri Mar 18 15:31:43 2022 -0700

    Updated release notes and gitignroe file

commit 940d9332059e840e61b16e9a97e2bc2c8e36cb43
Date:   Fri Mar 18 13:01:58 2022 -0700

    Converting to MCC for 3.10.0 release

commit bb75cb44471be4377d253f1333b6ccd37acfad10
Date:   Fri Mar 18 12:33:31 2022 -0700

    DFT for 3.10.0 release and JIRA MH3-61271. Fixed some readmes

commit 8945308135b35c6c95b93612aa3145edc2963ad4
Date:   Fri Jul 30 09:02:30 2021 -0700

    MH3-60281

    ISI Camera Demo

commit 9d2c9103c76531110bc6e0b271b22502d75eb488
Date:   Thu Aug 5 10:06:49 2021 -0700

    Update license

apps/readme.md, after:

---
title: Example Applications
has_children: true
has_toc: false
nav_order: 2

family: SAM9X60
market:
  - graphics
  - camera
---

# Example Applications

The following applications are provided to demonstrate both basic and advanced Graphics capabilities of the SAM 9x60 Family. 
An OV5640 CMOS camera module example is provided to demonstrate the usage of the SAM9X60 Image Sensor Interface.

## Legato Library Examples 

* [Legato Quickstart](./legato_quickstart/readme.md)

This demonstration provides a touch-enabled starting point for the legato graphics library.

![](./../docs/html/legato_quickstart.png)


* [Legato Dashboard](./legato_dashboard/readme.md)

This application presents a vehicle dashboard User Interface (UI). 

![](./../docs/html/legato_dashboard.png)


* [Legato Canvas Quickstart](./legato_canvas_quickstart/readme.md)

This application shows how to use Canvas with legato graphics library. 

![](./../docs/html/legato_canvas_quickstart.png)


* [Legato Benchmark](./legato_benchmark/readme.md)

This demonstration is used to benchmark the draw performance of the Legato Graphics Library on the device.

![](./../docs/html/legato_benchmark.png)


## Blank Library Examples

* [Blank Quickstart](./blank_quickstart/readme.md)

This application demonstrates a simple way to create a graphics application using a custom graphics library that directly uses the LCD controller driver.

![](./../docs/html/blank_quickstart.png)


* [Blank Quickstart with Double Buffering](./blank_quickstart_db/readme.md)

This application demonstrates a simple way to create a graphics application using a custom graphics library that directly uses the LCD controller driver. Usage of double frame buffer is demonstrated.

![](./../docs/html/blank_quickstart_db.png)


* [Blank Canvas Quickstart](./blank_canvas_quickstart/readme.md)

This simple application demonstrates how to use Canvas library to display a pixel buffer with a custom graphics library using the LCD controller driver.

![](./../docs/html/blank_canvas_qs.png)


## Camera Examples 
* [ISI Camera](./isi_camera/readme.md)

This application uses the OV5640 arducam camera module to demonstrate the usage of the SAM9X60-EK ISI interface.

![](./../docs/html/ov5640_arducam.png)
